# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?

  As someone who has spent much time messing around with html, this week built on a foundation I was already aware of. But building on it with things such as bootstrap and other extensions with visual studio code has been so helpful in expanding my understanding and make it more malleable.

- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?

  Flex box and wire-framing! Those are so fun and helped a lot with understanding new layout ideas and how to achieve looks that, before this class, I didn't fully grasp.

- What are you struggling with?

  Mobile view. I understand a lot of it, and I understand the concept of it, but implementing parts of it are making me struggle, especially moving items to the top as was required in the checkpoint.
  
- What would you count as a victory?

  Grasping all of this so far with relative ease. Since this is something I've worked with before, it's so nice to be able to expand on html, and then add css, and feel like I'm understanding it. While I don't consider myself a css expert, I feel like I understand it enough to be helpful.